# Example - setting user defined rules
## Problem Statement
### Questions

There are two sets of questions in this problem, set A and set B. Each set has 6 question. There are 6 chapters and A and B are two different questions from the same chapter. For example, A1.docx and B1.docx are two different questions from chapter 1. Question from chapter 1, 5, and 6 are of 10 marks each and questions from chapter 2, 3, and 4 are of 20 marks each. 

### Paper
Now the all possible papers are to created keeping in mind subjected to the following conditions,

- Two 20 marks and two 10 marks questions in each paper.
- No two questions will be from one chapter in a paper.

## Input files
### Name of files

Input files are named from AQ1.docx to AQ6.docx for set A and BQ1 to BQ6 for set B. A cover page is given as cover.docx and end of paper page as end.docx.

### Format of the docx files

The all the docx files are lock and only the sections of the docx files should be edited by the students should be unlocked. The papers that are generated by the code follow the same formatting.

## Output files
### Papers

Total 136 files will be generated naming from 0.docx to 135.docx.

### Log files

Total 3 log files are generated, namely, logile and badset. The lofile will contain a database of all the papers and the question that are there in those papers. The badset file will contain all the discarded papers that did not fit into the user defined rules.

### Authors

Please contact us if you need any clarification on this example,

- Swarit Dwivedi (dwivediswarit@gmail.com)
- Akshat Tanksale (Akshat.Tanksale@monash.edu)
